Who will get you some snacks here?
My mom gave it to me. What happened?
Are you sorry? Didn't you bring it?
You don't come to take care of me.
Wait. Wait. You mean the photo strip my mom gave me really works.
Of course it makes sense. Is it necessary to move?
Okay. Just use it first.
These two people just now.
Don't be like me. You even hit me.
You have to give me an explanation.
Why don't you hurry up and get involved with Qingshao?
Qingshao! Qingshao! It all works.
I was your mother just now, let me not be your teacher first.
I'm sorry, it's just me at the moment.
I don't want you to tell me you're sorry.
I want you to punish yourself.
Look, there's still fighting here.
It's rare for me to take action. This is
This kid also acts with you
You just caught me
And beat me
I'll hit you now
How about you deserve it?
It still feels good after being beaten.
You are a Baoan janitor?
What kind of breeze are you catching?
Is it true that I bullied my boss first?